Create ui-c8y-1021-11-0-migrated-custom-properties-form-7484-graft-release-cd-7682.md (#2688)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1021-11-0-migrated-custom-properties-form-7484-graft-release-cd-7682.md

---
date: ""

> title: '"Custom properties" tab improved'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Improved Custom properties tab in the tenant details
```

> title: Migrated custom properties form (#7484) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#7682)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Custom properties form migrated to Angular
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: '"Custom properties" tab improved'
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-60789
version: 1021.11.0
---

> Migrated custom properties form (#7484) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#7682)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
As part of the ongoing modernization efforts, the custom properties form has been migrated from the legacy technology to Angular. This change brings the custom properties form in line with the latest web technologies used in the application. The migration improves consistency and maintainability of the codebase. For users, the functionality and user interface of the custom properties form remains largely unchanged.
```

Reviewer 2: declined this suggestion

> Migrated custom properties form (#7484) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#7682)

Reviewer 3: The custom properties form has been improved with extraneous information moved to a new 'Limits' tab providing a cleaner and more consistent interface.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The "Custom properties" tab has been improved with extraneous information moved to a new "Limits" tab providing a cleaner and more consistent interface.
```

> The "Custom properties" tab has been improved with extraneous information moved to a new "Limits" tab providing a cleaner and more consistent interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Custom properties** tab in the tenant details has been improved by moving extraneous information to a new **Limits** tab providing a cleaner and more consistent interface.
```
